Last Updated: 11-01-2018

Happy Seal believes that privacy is very important. This Policy include the kind of personal information and other data that we gather from you by our games. Your installation and/or use of these games and/or submission of information to us represent your approval to this Privacy Policy.

Happy Seal users, information which we are collecting from you is used for operation maintenance and for features and functionality of our games. We want you to be clear how we’re using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy.

Information We Collect Automatically through the App and Third Party:

When you access or use the App, we automatically collect information about you:

That does not recognize you and cannot be used to contact you personally, including information about you such as your unique device ID and Wi-Fi Information.

data which includes play time, game progress, score and achievements.

We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.

We are using android permission of READ_PHONE_STATE for unique id for advertising purpose.

Why Do We Collect Information?

We use information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service; we may use your information to improve our services and products.

Advertising:

By using our Apps, you might be offered advertising content. We use ad networks like Admob, Supersonic ads, Unity Ads, Applovin, AdColony and our cross promotional Happy Seal Ads. Non-Personal Information like gender and age may be used to make sure that appropriate advertising is offered to you and deliver ads that best belongs to your interests.

Updates and push Notifications:

We may occasionally send you updates and related push notifications that may be of importance to you.

Modification

Happy Seal reserves the right to change, modify all policies. By participating in Happy Seal you accept and abide by the policies stated above. Please contact us (liangxing556794@yeah.net) with any questions.

Note:

This Policy is valid for Happy Seal.
